You're talking about this stuff, right?
Why is it with you?
Of course my daughter respects me
He said this jade is warm jade.
Suitable for my physique
Warm in winter and cool in summer
Shi Ran Ran, this is your father's relic
You gave him away in order to cling to the powerful
Isn't it given by that short-lived ghost father?
What's the big deal?
If my godmother didn't like it
I would have thrown him down the drain long ago
Godmother, this dead person's thing is also unlucky
If you like it
I'll buy you better ones later.
Take it if you want
Raincoat, right? Raincoat
today
Let you see jokes
How come?
Cloud smoke
If it weren't for when you were looking for Ran Ran
Found me unconscious
Bring me back and raise me
Then I might have died over there long ago
Rainy Night
It's okay, Ran Ran, he doesn't recognize you and me
I can make money
I will retire for you
One day.
You will also remember who your parents were
You will also go to him and ask him
Then I'll raise it together
Also raised by me
Why are teacups so real?
Hello Emperor
Longyanchi's sister Longjing
Contact my Qingchuan disciple Chi Ying
Willing to offer his inheritance
I just want to see you
Longjing pair
Although Longjing is Longyanchi's sister
But Warlord, you have always kept a low profile
Do you need me to help you repay?
Don't tell Longjing
See you after the dinner
A jumping clown dares to be presumptuous in front of me
The entire sea market really needs to be rectified